Request Object by value and DCQL alignment (#908)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/remote-flow.rst

      "exp": 1672422065,
      "request_uri_method": "post"
    }

  It then processes the Relying Party metadata and applies the relevant policies to determine which Digital Credentials and User data the Relying Party is authorized to request (:ref:`WP_087 <wallet-credential-presentation-testcases>`).

> **Steps 16-17 (User Consent)**: The Wallet Instance requests the User's consent to disclose the requested Credentials by showing the Relying Party's identity and the requested attributes. The User authorizes and consents the presentation of the Credentials by selecting/deselecting the personal data to release (:ref:`WP_088 <wallet-credential-presentation-testcases>`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Steps 16-17 (User Consent)**: The Wallet Instance requests the User's consent to disclose the requested Credentials by showing the Relying Party's identity and the requested attributes. The User authorizes and consents the presentation of the Credentials by selecting and or deselecting the personal data to release (:ref:`WP_088 <wallet-credential-presentation-testcases>`).
```

        }
      }

> **Steps 19-23 (RP Checks)**: The Relying Party verifies the Authorization Response, extracts the Wallet Attestation to establish trust with the Wallet Solution. It then extracts the ``vp_token``, which contains one or more Digital Credentials presentations, and validates the overall format of the VP Token. For each Presentation, the Relying Party verifies its integrity and authenticity, ensures that it satisfies the DCQL query criteria defined in the Authorization Request, attests trust with the corresponding Credentials Issuer, and validates the Wallet Instance's proof of possession of the presented Digital Credentials. Finally, the Relying Party verifies the revocation status of the presented Digital Credentials as described in :ref:`credential-revocation:Digital Credential Revocation and Suspension`. If all previous verifications yelded positive result, the Relying Party updates the User session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Steps 19-23 (RP Checks)**: The Relying Party verifies the Authorization Response, extracts the Wallet Attestation to establish trust with the Wallet Solution. It then extracts the ``vp_token``, which contains one or more Digital Credentials presentations, and validates the overall format of the VP Token. For each credential presentation, the Relying Party verifies its integrity according to the DCQL query criteria defined in the Authorization Request. The Relying Party MUST also attest trust with the corresponding Credentials Issuer, and validate the Wallet Instance's proof of possession of each presented Digital Credential. Finally, the Relying Party verifies the revocation status of each presented Digital Credential, as described in :ref:`credential-revocation:Digital Credential Revocation and Suspension`. If all previous verifications yelded positive result, the Relying Party updates the User session.
```

   * - ``invalid_request_uri_method``
     - The value of the ``request_uri_method`` parameter is neither ``get`` nor ``post``. `OpenID4VP`_
   * - ``invalid_request``

>      - The request is malformed or inconsistent (e.g., it uses the ``vp_token`` Response Type but does not include a ``dcql_query`` parameter), the Client Identifier Prefix is unsupported, or requirements of a prefix are violated (e.g., ``client_id`` with the ``x509_hash`` prefix without the required ``client_metadata``). `OpenID4VP`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The request is malformed or inconsistent (e.g., it uses the ``vp_token`` Response Type but it does not include a ``dcql_query`` parameter), the Client Identifier Prefix is unsupported, or requirements of a prefix are violated (e.g., ``client_id`` with the ``x509_hash`` prefix without the required ``client_metadata``). `OpenID4VP`_
```

   * - ``access_denied``
     - The Wallet did not have the requested credential, the User did not consent, or the Wallet failed to authenticate the User. `OpenID4VP`_
   * - ``invalid_client``

>      - - The Relying Party’s federation metadata has been resolved based on the Client Identifier (using the ``openid_federation`` prefix), but cannot be authorized due to trust validation failures or is not a valid participant of the federation. `OID-FED`_

Reviewer: this must include X.509 chain validation as well
